com/example/warehouse/ui/client/InventoryItemActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.InventoryItemActivity
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.InventoryItemActivity$1
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.InventoryItemActivity$2
com/example/warehouse/ui/UserLoginActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.UserLoginActivity
 com.example.warehouse.ui.UserLoginActivity$1
 com.example.warehouse.ui.UserLoginActivity$1$1
 com.example.warehouse.ui.UserLoginActivity$2
com/example/warehouse/ui/client/ClientHomeActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.ClientHomeActivity
adapter/Constants.java
 adapter.Constants
com/example/warehouse/adapter/ListViewAdapter.java
 com.example.warehouse.adapter.ListViewAdapter
 com.example.warehouse.adapter.ListViewAdapter$1
 com.example.warehouse.adapter.ListViewAdapter$ListViewHolder
 com.example.warehouse.adapter.ListViewAdapter$OnItemClickListener
com/example/warehouse/ui/client/AddItemActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.AddItemActivity
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.AddItemActivity$1
com/example/warehouse/models/Warehouses.java
 com.example.warehouse.models.Warehouses
com/example/warehouse/adapter/InventoryAdapter.java
 com.example.warehouse.adapter.InventoryAdapter
 com.example.warehouse.adapter.InventoryAdapter$1
 com.example.warehouse.adapter.InventoryAdapter$InventoryAdapterHolder
com/example/warehouse/ui/client/RemoveItemActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.RemoveItemActivity
com/example/warehouse/ui/admin/AdminWarehouseActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.AdminWarehouseActivity
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.AdminWarehouseActivity$1
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.AdminWarehouseActivity$2
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.AdminWarehouseActivity$3
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.AdminWarehouseActivity$4
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.AdminWarehouseActivity$5
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.AdminWarehouseActivity$6
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.AdminWarehouseActivity$7
com/example/warehouse/adapter/OrdersAdaptor.java
 com.example.warehouse.adapter.OrdersAdaptor
 com.example.warehouse.adapter.OrdersAdaptor$OrderAdaptorHolder
com/example/warehouse/ui/MainActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.MainActivity
 com.example.warehouse.ui.MainActivity$1
 com.example.warehouse.ui.MainActivity$2
com/example/warehouse/ui/client/InventoryActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.InventoryActivity
com/example/warehouse/models/ListItem.java
 com.example.warehouse.models.ListItem
com/example/warehouse/models/RegUser.java
 com.example.warehouse.models.RegUser
com/example/warehouse/ui/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.MapsActivity
 com.example.warehouse.ui.MapsActivity$1
 com.example.warehouse.ui.MapsActivity$2
 com.example.warehouse.ui.MapsActivity$3
 com.example.warehouse.ui.MapsActivity$AddressResultReceiver
com/example/warehouse/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.warehouse.BuildConfig
com/example/warehouse/ui/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.SplashActivity
 com.example.warehouse.ui.SplashActivity$1
com/example/warehouse/ui/client/RegistrationActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.RegistrationActivity
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.RegistrationActivity$1
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.RegistrationActivity$2
com/example/warehouse/ui/admin/UpdateWarehouseActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.UpdateWarehouseActivity
com/example/warehouse/ui/BookingActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.BookingActivity
com/example/warehouse/ui/admin/ManagerHome.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.ManagerHome
com/example/warehouse/ui/admin/AddWarehouseActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.AddWarehouseActivity
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.AddWarehouseActivity$1
com/example/warehouse/ui/client/WarehouseDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.WarehouseDetailsActivity
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.WarehouseDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.warehouse.ui.client.WarehouseDetailsActivity$2
com/example/warehouse/ui/admin/ManagerHomeActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.ManagerHomeActivity
com/example/warehouse/ui/admin/OrdersActivity.java
 com.example.warehouse.ui.admin.OrdersActivity
